How to Run The Script:
    Make sure that you have a folder called csvs and another folder called logs in the same directory as main.py. 
    powertrack.py and powertrack_api.py should be in a folder called powertrack in the same directory as main.py.
    site.csv should be in the same directory as main.py.
    After filling out the site.csv (make sure you save the changes), simply go to main.py and run the script. 
    This will loop over each row in site.csv and set the dataframe to site_data_df.
    Furthermore, the dataframe will be saved as a csv in the csvs folder, under the name formate "site_data_df_{timestamp of run}_binsize={the binsize you chose}.csv"    

site.csv:

    Summary:
    This is where you input the site you want to look at.
    The first row are the column names, input the data right below the columns, on the second row. 

    Parameters:
    site - this is where you input the siteid
    start_timestamp - this is where you input the start timestamp of the data. The format is in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS For example, 2022-10-11T00:00:00. 
    end_timestamp - this is where you input the end timestamp of the data. The format is in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS For example, 2022-10-22T00:00:00
    binsize - this is the timeframe of the data. The accepted values are 5min, 15min, or Day. This decides the timeframe of each row. For instance, inputting 5min will make everyrow 5 minutes.

    Restrictions:
    Note that 5min timeframe has a range restriction of 1 month, 15min has a range restriction of 3months, Day has no restrictions.
    Going over this restriction will default the timeframe to Day. 

powertrack.py:
    
    summary: 
    This is where all the main functionalities are stored, functions that modify and build the dataframe. 
    If you need to change anything, please consult Teng Liang at tliang@aspenpower.com

powertrack_api.py:

    summary: 
    This is where basic functionalities like getting api verification, getting json data is stored.
    If you need to change anything, please consult Teng Liang at tliang@aspenpower.com
